Readme edits (#1)
prkmhl/hello-world: README.md

# hello-world
World, i just wanted to say hello.

> Well, I'm Loman, Willy Loman. I've come to Boston to make the biggest deal of my life.

Author: Isn't it a bit arrogant?
I propose something more subtle...
```suggestion
Well, I'm Loman, Willy Loman. I've come to Boston to find new chances for my business.
```

Author: Am I not talking to myself?
Willy, it's time to go back home.
And not... I don't accept these changes!!!
